Update val-function.md (#1642)
MicrosoftDocs/VBA-Docs: Language/Reference/User-Interface-Help/val-function.md

MyValue = Val("24 and 57")    ' Returns 24.
```

> [!NOTE] 

> > The **Val** function recognizes deprecated data type suffixes prior to conversion and may cause a type mismatch error to be raised. For example, fifty percent represented as the string "50%" will convert as expected to 50 but Val("50.5%") will raise an error because the percentage symbol is seen as a suffix to declare the Data Type as an Integer, which it is not in this case. The full list of data type suffixes comprises Single ( **!** ), Currency ( **@** ), Double ( **#** ), String ( **$** ), Integer ( **%** ), Long ( **&** ) and LongLong ( **^** ) for 64-bit hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The **Val** function recognizes deprecated data type suffixes prior to conversion and may result in a type mismatch error. For example, fifty percent represented as the string "50%" will convert as expected to 50 but Val("50.5%") will raise an error because the percentage symbol is seen as a suffix to declare the Data Type as an Integer, which it is not in this case. The full list of data type suffixes comprises Single ( **!** ), Currency ( **@** ), Double ( **#** ), String ( **$** ), Integer ( **%** ), Long ( **&** ) and LongLong ( **^** ) for 64-bit hosts.
```
